(theme music playing)
Both:
Bark! Bark! Bark!
♪ Bingo and Rolly,
couple of puppies ♪
-♪ They bark
and chase at you ♪
-Both: Bark! Bark!
♪ And there's a guy named Bob
who makes up inventions ♪
♪ A couple puppies can use ♪
-♪ But when Bob's away ♪
-See you later, pups!
♪ The pups
will play-ay-ay ♪
♪ On a mission
'round the world ♪
♪ Tryin' to save the day ♪
♪ Pup pup pup
Puppy Dog Pals ♪
Both:
Bark! Bark! Bark!
♪ Pup pup pup
Puppy Dog Pals ♪
Both:
Bark! Bark! Bark!
(record scratching)
♪ Pup pup pup
Puppy Dog Pals ♪
Both:
Bark! Bark! Bark!
♪ Pup pup pup
Puppy Dog Pals ♪
Both:
Bark! Bark! Bark!
(barking)
(Rolly speaks)
Captain Dog:
Never fear, pets of Barksville.
Captain Dog is here
to put evil on a leash.
-Do it, Captain Dog!
-Barksville needs you!
This dog is goin' for a walk...
in the sky!
Arf, arf, and away!
-Woo hoo!
-Yeah! Yay!
Announcer: Captain Dog
will be back after these
commercial messages.
Ooh, it's
my favorite commercial.
(dogs singing along)
♪ First pick out and fluff
your pup ♪
♪ Then you sew your puppy up ♪
♪ Groom your doggy,
then you play ♪
♪ At Design-a-Dog today ♪
Do you like toy doggies?
Almost as much as real ones!
Would you like to build
your own stuffed animal,
dress it up,
and take it home to play?
I would love that!
Then come on down
to Design-a-Dog,
where you decide how cuddly
your pretend puppy will be!
(dogs singing along)
♪ Groom your doggy,
then you play ♪
♪ At Design-a-Dog today ♪
♪ Stuffing, sewing,
grooming, yay!
At Design-a-Dog today ♪
-Both: Ruff!
-(laughs)
Well, you two look like
you're havin' a good time!
-(dogs barking)
-I had tons of fun
with the toys in this box.
But it's time someone else
got to have fun with 'em.
I'm a someone else.
We're both someone elses!
Toodle-oo, puppy-roos!
See ya after work!
(purring)
Hey, don't let those two
get into too much trouble.
Okay, Hissy?
(meows)
-Huh?
-Whoa, Bob was right.
This box is loaded
with fun stuff!
-Whoa!
(muffled)
I like this thing.
It's shake-ity shake-able!
Ooh! Let me try!
(both growling)
-Give it... here!
-I already had it!
Be careful not to...
(toy rips)
...rip it.
Bingo and Rolly:
Look what you did!
Look what
you did!
(gasp)
Did you guys
just ruin Ruff-Ruff?
Ruin who's what?
Uh, that stuffed doggy
is named Ruff-Ruff.
(coughs)
Hissy:
It was Bob's favorite toy
when he was a kid.
Haven't you seen him and Bob
in all those pictures?
Bob in his room with Ruff-Ruff,
Bob at the beach
with Ruff-Ruff,
Bob at the... just-about-
everywhere-he-went
with Ruff-Ruff!
Aww, Bob's gonna be sad
if he sees what happened
to his favorite toy.
Then it's gonna be
our mission to fix it!
And I know just where to go!
(coughs)
♪ Let's go ♪
(laughing)
♪ On your bark, get ready,
got a lot to do ♪
♪ It's gonna
be an awesome adventure ♪
♪ We're super-duper
extra-overly excited ♪
♪ To be goin' on a mission,
goin' on a mission ♪
♪ Five, four, three, two, one ♪
He needs to be stuffed,
sewed and groomed...
♪ At Design-a-Dog today ♪
Yay!
♪ Let's go ♪
Woo!
-Yay!
-(barks)
-♪ Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba ♪
-Wahoo!
♪ We're goin' on a mission,
goin' on a mission ♪
-♪ Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba ♪
-Yahoo!
♪ We're goin' on a mission,
goin' on a mission ♪
Both:
Yay!
♪ First pick out
and fluff your pup ♪
♪ Then you sew
your puppy up ♪
This place is amazing!
Come on, kids!
We're gonna have fun
the Design-a-Dog way!
Follow those kids!
Okay, I've picked out
a doggy, and I'll put it
in here.
Then, it'll get stuffed
and come out there!
One perfectly poofy pooch!
Come on, Rolly.
Let's take Ruff-Ruff in there
and make him
perfectly poofy, too!
Hey, I have a question.
How much stuff
does Ruff-Ruff
need the stuffing machine
to stuff?
Ruff-Ruff needs just enough
stuff to stuff him up
so he's stuffed.
That's a lot of stuff
for Ruff-Ruff.
Whoa! That's way too stuffed.
(hissing)
It's a stuffing storm!
Ruff-Ruff, come back!
-Huh!
-Whoa!
Huh!
(squeaking)
(both grunting)
Now it's time
to sew this puppy up!
(machine whirs)
But we're gonna need
some kid power to do it.
Chloe?
Sunny:
You can pedal
as fast as you want!
(giggles)
This is fun!
I'm sewing!
And it looks like
it's all done!
Wow! That looks...
sew good! (laughs)
And there's just
one more thing to do
with this doggy,
so follow me!
That lady said this machine
runs on kid power.
You think it'll work
with Bingo and Rolly power, too?
Everything works
with Bingo and Rolly power!
Okay, when I go down,
you go up.
And when you go up,
I'll go down!
(both grunting)
We're doing it!
We're sewing that puppy up!
Faster, Bingo, faster!
Too fast, Bingo, too fast!
Both:
Ooh!
I think we used too much
Bingo and Rolly power.
Sometimes Bingo and Rolly power
can be a dangerous thing.
(whirs down)
But at least we got
Ruff-Ruff sewed up.
Now let's get him groomed!
And now it's time
to get our doggy
looking dog-tacular!
First, we get him clean...
then we give him some style...
and then we give him
some bling!
And there we go!
Now who's ready to pick out
a doggy of their own?
-Ooh, I am!
-Me!
-I want a pretty one!
-Let's get Ruff-Ruff cleaned,
styled and blinged
before we take him back to Bob!
And we might as well
get ourselves looking good, too.
Here comes the cleaning!
(fan whirring)
What are you smiling about?
I didn't know I was smiling.
-(machine humming)
-(giggling)
That tickles!
Oh, yeah, right there.
I like that color.
It matches my eyes.
We did it, Rolly.
Bob's toy looks as good
as it ever did.
And we look
kind of dog-tacular ourselves.
(whimpers)
(barking)
Okay, Rolly.
Let's get Ruff-Ruff back home
and back in the box
we took him out of.
(barks)
Okay, it's time
for the tea-pup party!
Everybody choose
a stuffed doggy!
Oh, ho!
Chloe:
This one is my favorite!
Amanda:
I want two different doggies!
Come on!
Let's go get our doggies
dressed to impress!
Hang in there
until we know what's happening.
Yeah, 'cause I don't know
what's happening at all!
(classical score playing)
Rolly! They think we're toys!
Yeah. But they dressed us up
so nice for their party,
we should stick around
just to be polite.
Sunny:
Who's ready to feed
their Design-a-Dog doggies
-biscuits and tea?
-Kids: Me!
And who's ready
to gobble 'em up? Me!
Eat up, you pretty
toy doggy.
Nummy, nummy, num-nums!
Pretend food?
Let me tell you something,
that's no party!
And pretend tea?
Drink your tea,
fancy doggy.
(mimics slurping)
Gulp, gulp, gulp.
(whispering)
I'm still thirsty.
And now it's time
for a Design-a-Dog
roller skating singalong!
(quietly)
Hey, we get to roller skate.
And sing along!
All:
♪ Ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba-ba ♪
♪ First pick out
and fluff your pup ♪
♪ Then you sew your puppy up ♪
♪ Groom your doggy,
then you play ♪
♪ At Design-a-Dog today ♪
♪ Stuffing, sewing,
grooming, yay! ♪
♪ At Design-a-Dog today ♪
♪ Skating round Design-a-Dog ♪
♪ Roller skate and singalong ♪
♪ Everybody's having fun
at Design-a-Dog today ♪
♪ Stuffing, sewing,
grooming, yay ♪
♪ At Design-a-Dog today ♪
Looks like the party's over.
Yep. Let's grab Ruff-Ruff
and get the bow-wow-outta here.
Except, where is Ruff-Ruff?
Hey, Chloe, do you wanna
pick out a stuffed doggy
to take home?
Maybe, if I can find
the one that I like.
Oh, no!
What if she takes Bob's toy?
What if we take it first?
Faster, Rolly, faster!
Oh, no, I'm Rolly-ing too fast!
Ohhhh!
No!
You know what?
I can get the stuffed doggy
I want some other time.
Thanks for a fun day!
Okay, everybody,
have a good day, buh-bye!
(giggles)
(sighs)
I like this place.
They need better food
at their parties,
but I'd come back.
Hissy:
Nice work, pups.
This thing looks amazing!
Yep, Bob won't even know
we took it out of the box.
-Hey, guys!
-(barks)
Give me a minute
before I say hello, okay?
I just need
to put this stuff outside--
oh, hey there, neighbors.
Hi, Mr. Bob.
What've you got there?
I'm leavin' this old box
of toys out here for someone
who's comin' by
to pick them up.
Hey! That looks just like
the doggy from my party!
You're just
giving this stuff away?
To anybody who wants it!
(gasps)
I want it!
Can I keep him, Mommy,
Please?
If Mr. Bob says it's okay.
Ha! Sure!
Yaay! Mmmm!
(kisses)
Look at that!
Chloe got the toy
that she wanted!
So it's a good thing
we got it stuffed and sewed
and groomed that way...
Both:
♪ At Design-a-Dog today ♪
(bark)
I'm glad I found someone
to give Ruff-Ruff to,
because I don't need
a pretend doggy anymore.
I have two of the best
real ones!
(both barking)
Hoo-raay!
(Bingo speaks)
Hissy:
What are those two doing?
Rolly is seeing how long
he can balance food on his nose
before eating it!
That's twice as long
as he lasted the last time!
(door opens)
Hey, guys!
(laughs)
I finished mowing the backyard
for you to play in.
Now I just wanna pour myself
a big glass of iced tea
before I leave--
(gasp)
Oh no!
I'm all out of ice.
How's a guy supposed
to have a glass of iced tea
if he doesn't have any ice?
Well, I guess I'll just
have to try not to think
about iced tea
until I get home from work.
Iced tea!
D'oh, I can't stop thinking
about delicious iced tea!
-I wish we knew where to go...
-(door opens, closes)
...to get Bob the ice
he needs for ice tea.
Arf can show you
the best place in the world
to find the best ice.
(beeping)
It's a place called Antarctica,
way down at the bottom
of the Earth.
-Cool!
-It's more than cool.
It's cold!
Doesn't matter where it is.
If it's got what Bob needs,
then Rolly and I need
to be there.
Come on, Rolly!
You and I are goin'
on a mission!
Cool!
I mean, cold!
How are we supposed
to get to that Antarctica place
Arf showed us on the wall?
I don't know.
Okay now, I've got this crate
filled up with supplies
for Antarctica.
You tell the pilot
to head there.
Looks like
we found our ride.
(grunting)
Hey! We got a window seat!
Bingo:
Put your tray tables up
in preparation for landing.
-Whoa!
-Ooh!
Which of this ice
do you think would be best
for Bob's iced tea?
I don't know.
Maybe we should ask
those penguins
that are sliding
right toward us.
Sliding right toward who?
-Hey!
-Bingo: It looks like
these penguins wanna race.
Then they picked the right dogs
to knock over.
Both:
Whoa! Whooo!
Whoa!
Yeah-ha! Whoa!
Look at them go!
Both:
Whoa!
(both grunting)
(penguins muttering)
I think we tied for first place.
Well, that was
some good slidin'.
But what are you two doggies
doin' at the bottom
of the Earth?
We're on a mission,
lookin' for ice.
Huh, well, you're talkin'
to the right penguin.
I can go find you
the best ice there is.
You'd do that for us?
Well, sure, I'll just need
to get ya to watch somethin'
for me until I get back.
You see, my little baby's
about to hatch outta this egg,
which, needs to be kept
off the ice till it hatches.
You've been walkin' around
with that thing under there?
How do you do that
without slipping and sliding
all over the ice?
Well, I waddle.
That's how we penguins
don't fall down
when everything's
so slippery and slidey.
Let me show ya how it's done.
(whistling)
♪ Waddle waddle waddle,
walk like a penguin ♪
♪ In the snow ♪
♪ Waddle waddle waddle,
walk like a penguin ♪
♪ Everywhere you go ♪
♪ Waddle waddle waddle,
walk like a penguin ♪
♪ Careful you don't fall ♪
-♪ The ice is slippery ♪
-♪ My nose is sniffley ♪
♪ The weather is wintery ♪
♪ But if-if-if you
waddle waddle waddle ♪
♪ Walk like a penguin,
you'll get to where
you're goin' ♪
-♪ Waddle waddle waddle ♪
♪ Waddle waddle
waddle along ♪
♪ Waddle waddle waddle,
waddle waddle waddle ♪
♪ As we sing our waddling song ♪
(penguins whistling)
Uh, what's going on?
(laughs)
We get storms here
that blow everything around
and turn everything white.
Rolly:
That's really white!
Bingo:
Rolly, where are you?
Over here!
Where are you?
I'm looking for you!
Rolly:
How long do you think
this big storm is gonna last?
Bingo:
I don't know!
It could be forever!
Or... not forever at all.
Where did Mr. Penguin go?
Well, he said he was going
to go find us the best ice,
so he must have gone
to do it.
And he asked us to watch that
while he was gone.
Didn't he say that thing
was supposed to be kept
off the ice?
Yep. So let's make sure
that it is.
There! Off the ice
and toasty warm.
(shivering)
I wish we were
warm and toasty.
Well, then, let's see
what else is in this box.
-I want a red one!
-I like blue.
-I feel warm!
-And I feel toasty.
Aren't we supposed
to be watching that egg
until Mr. Penguin
finds the ice he went
looking for?
Yeah, so we can't
let it get away!
It's going into that cave!
Then so are we!
(ice squeaking)
-Whoops!
-Whoa!
-Ooh!
Uh, I don't remember
Mr. Penguin's egg being broken
when we followed it in here.
Because it wasn't.
There's something
under that hat.
-(baby laughing)
-Bingo: It's a baby penguin!
-(laughing)
-That egg must have hatched,
and the baby penguin
popped out!
(laughing)
We should go looking
for her dad so we can show him
his new daughter.
Yeah, and we can see
if he found Bob's ice.
But wait. What if he follows
her tracks and comes
into this cave,
thinking we're here?
We'll draw an arrow in the ice
on the wall so he knows
which way we went.
That's a great idea.
So it's a good thing
Bob put this ice-drawing thing
in my collar,
in case I ever needed
to draw something in ice.
(giggles)
Draw a big smiley face, too,
so Mr. Penguin will know
we were smiling.
(crackling)
I think I smiley-faced too hard.
(crackling, rumbling)
Rolly:
I hope we're not trapped
in here.
We can get through this
if we think of the icicles
like a maze.
Except that baby penguin
already made it through.
Come back, baby penguin!
We've gotta get outta here.
Come on!
-This way!
-I already went that way!
Bingo:
Okay, go that way.
Rolly:
But that way doesn't
go the right way!
I found the way out!
(both grunt)
We did it!
Let's go!
(sniffing)
There she is!
(happy sounds)
-Whoops!
-Whoa!
How are we gonna get to her?
This ice is
so slippery and slidey.
We should waddle.
That's what Mr. Penguin
said penguins do
so they don't fall down.
Yeah! Waddle like a penguin!
Waddle, waddle, waddle!
Don't go too far,
little penguin.
We're waddle-waddle-waddling
as fast as we can!
(ice cracking)
Hm, that was
a pretty loud crack.
Nothing on me has ever
gone crack like that.
It wasn't you!
It was the ice cracking!
It broke off and we're floating
out on the water!
But I don't wanna be floating
on ice out on the water!
We'll be okay.
As long as we stick together.
(cracking noise)
(yelps)
Except we're coming apart!
Jump!
(both grunting)
We made it!
Champion ice jumpers!
Yeah!
Oh, no. This ice
isn't floaty enough
to hold two dogs
and a baby penguin!
What are we gonna do?
(squeaks)
Well, look who's right here!
Mr. Penguin!
I found the ice
you were lookin' for!
Do you have my egg?
We have something
even better!
(giggles) Da-da.
Look at that!
It's my little girl!
And she has her mother's beak!
(laughing)
They look happy
to see each other.
I'm happy they're seeing
each other, too.
Oh, you boys did
a great job
watchin' my egg
and taking care
of my little girl
while I went out
lookin' for your ice.
Thanks! If you show us
where it is,
we'll take it
and get it back to Bob
for his iced tea.
But you already found it.
That's why I came here.
That ice you was standin' on?
It's the best ice
in the world.
(happy sounds)
Go ahead.
Take all you want.
But, I don't think that'll fit
in Bob's glass for his ice tea.
Oh, I can take care
of that.
(crackling)
Now it'll fit for sure!
(laughing)
So long, baby penguin.
We'd love to stay here
and play with you,
but my brother and I
have to get home
as fast we can!
Whoa! (grunts)
(laughing)
Probably a good thing
I'm not a penguin.
I'd never get anywhere!
-Wha--
-Ah-ah-ah-oh!
How were things
on the bottom
of the Earth?
Cold. Icy.
Helps if you waddle.
Oh. Did you get the ice
Bob needs for his iced tea?
We sure did!
Except Bob wanted them
in his glass,
not on the floor.
Whoops.
It's okay.
Arf will clean up the mess.
Is there more ice in yours?
Yep. The best there is!
Here. (grunt)
Good idea, Hissy.
Fill 'er up!
There's my favorite
cat, dogs, and robot dog!
(laughs)
How were your days?
-(barking)
-Wait a minute.
There's ice in that glass?
(laughs)
This is perfect for the iced tea
I've been wanting all day!
Oh, this is gonna taste
so good!
Does this mean
we finished our mission?
Yep. Race ya
to the backyard?
Beat ya there!
Whoa!
(grunt)
How about if we race there
by waddling instead?
I love waddling!
-Waddle, waddle, waddle!
-Waddle, waddle!
(both laughing)
(theme music playing)
Bark! Bark! Bark!
(record scratching)
Bark!
Bark! Bark! Bark!